yo what's up javelin tronic 5000 today
is Wednesday January 9th 2013 which
means I'm a few days late posting my
video update the reason for it is we
relaunched our online video chat on
Monday and so I was really focused on
that and I wanted to kind of keep the
attention to that and then yesterday I
just got super busy and today I've been
busy because it's almost nine o'clock
when i'm posting this right now but when
DB has an update which is also her
eighth month progress report update as
when you guys know last month was my
lightest month as far as weight loss a
lhasa i think nine pounds last month I
can't but just took my glasses off so i
can't see you that far maybe maybe i can
make it happen no okay well hey hooray
for being prepared uh-huh but this this
weigh-in I had a way in goal of 435
pounds and I kind of struggled with that
to be honest with ya because last month
was such as kind of a light month as far
as weight loss goes I thought man i'm
going to hit the goal this time and the
reality is it's it wasn't a light month
last month you know nine ten pounds is
nothing to shake a stick at that's a
huge weight loss and i think that we a
lot of times there are people on this
journey especially if you're my size if
you started you know 400 500 600 pounds
you want so badly to lose the weight you
want so badly to drop the pounds that
that when you work hard and you see a
number like 9 pounds you don't realize
just how huge of a number that is it's a
big number you know what i mean and i
think because we compare it to our
weight losses when we were 600 pounds or
500 pounds you know you know I lost 38
pounds my first month so when I compare
38 pound loss to a nine-pound loss yeah
they look a little bit different but the
reality is is I'm still on track and
nine pounds is a lot of weight to lose
so um for some reason this whole month
that kind of could get that out of my
head we're in one hand I thought that I
was okay with
nine-pound loss because it's great and
forward movement it's really all that
matters you know I was talking to to
becca earlier if you're not following
her journey you need to because she's
just ridiculous but you know I said to
her you know always always be moving
forward and that's kind of my mantra
right now is that if you put one foot in
front of the other you're eventually
going to get to where you need to go but
if you stop for worse you move backwards
you'll never get there you know I had a
football coach when I was in high school
names Kemper emic and he was beautiful
man I really love that guy a lot just a
good old boy from the south and as our
football coach I guess we had a terrible
football team we won one game my tenure
year was awful but he always used to say
and it's something that stuck to me
still to this day's just give me four
yards give me four yards of play just
four yards I don't ask for big plays I
don't ask for anything I don't ask for
showstoppers all i ask is for you guys
to give you a 44 yards and by the end of
the game if you have four yards four
yards or four yards you're going to make
a touchdown it may take you a long time
to get there but you're eventually going
to get there and that's the same kind of
mentality that I definitely need to be
aware of and I need to keep and so do
you you'll always be moving forward just
four yards at a time you don't have to
finish the race today you don't have to
finish in the next month you don't have
to finish the next year it's a life time
thing with a lifetime goal you know and
so once I finally got that out of my
head you know little I only lost nine
pounds not that I was butthurt about it
or anything I was totally fine but I put
that aside and just really focused on
what was important and that the that I'm
gaining a healthy life I'm gaining my
life back you know so I knew I when I
stepped on the scale Monday morning with
a go 435 I said you know to myself dude
if you didn't hit your goal it's okay as
long as you're moving forward you know
so i ended up losing 11 pounds
this past month i exceeded my my goal by
one pound I waited at 434 pounds she
puts me at a hundred and sixty seven
pound loss in eight months just under
eight months actually but and I'm now 34
pounds away from being out of the
400-pound club and that's so exciting
it's really encouraging you know I'm
even more excited about this journey
even more excited about 2013 you know
it's huge and the reality is is a lot of
people because I only really track my
journey starting from a and starting
with DDP yoga a lot of people don't
realize that in January I was 650 pounds
so that means I've exceeded the
200-pound laws in a year which is cool
you know and I believe that I can do it
again from when I started DDP are going
from 600 pounds to 400 pounds within a
year I believe that I can do that I
believe that I can make that happen and
I will only 34 pounds away from a 33
pounds away from making it happen from
611 2401 it's a full 200 pound loss so
I'm really excited yeah you know more
and more inches off my body I had to I
had to drill another hole in my belt
today which is awesome I have I own more
drills and I think any man should ever
owned but I always forget that I need a
hole in my belt until I get to work so I
went to one of my co-workers todd miller
who is drilled the last few and in my
belt and I said hey man if you got a
minute i need another hole drilled him
upheld and the look on his face was just
freaking awesome you know he just needed
already really and it was just it was
such a cool thing you know to see so um
it's been a cool weak man i told i told
my buddy Daniel young who was in my
six-month video if you guys watched that
the dude that's talking about me along
with my wife his name's Daniel young and
he's just an awesome dude you know I was
telling him yesterday about where my way
it was and somehow he missed my 7 month
weigh in but I told when he said wait
434 pounds
said yeah he said bro you're under 450
pounds see ya dude I am and he literally
bolted out of his chair jumped up gave
me a big ol hug and even squirted a
couple tears and it was just a cool
moment you know it's exciting two-thirds
2013 is just it's my year man it's my
year to make some big moves and I'm
really really excited about it so um
thank you guys so much for all that you
do for both of us for all of your love
and all of your support you know I know
there's a million other things you guys
could be doing it and I appreciate the
fact that you choose to to kind of keep
up with us to watch our journey to the
keep to keep us accountable to keep us
excited to keep us encouraged you know
for all your support it's really cool
you guys don't need to do that and you
choose to and as a beautiful beautiful
thing my life is better because you're
in it laura's life is better because
you're in it and this whole world is
better because you're in it so anyway I
love you guys next weigh-in is uh
something I don't know Maya my way in
goal for that is 425 pounds taking a 10
10 pounds at a time here so that's about
a nine-pound loss is all I need next
month which is cool and we'll see where
we go from there so eight-minute video
my bad I'll make them short one day
lease is about 20 minutes so yeah anyway
love you guys fish